Act V
Next thing the player sees is a scene of PLAYER_NAME sitting in a jail cell.
FRIEND breaks in and frees PLAYER_NAME.
...





-Maybe Tony and Finaldino went to the same prison or found each other some other way.
-He's such a kid, he shouldnt be alone. But it would be funny if it was Finaldino being the adult.
-It might be cool to have Finaldino and Tony break out and at the same time, Gearson breaks Wedge out.
	Wedge and Gearson go on a journey to find the others. Wedge and Gearson find Wheely and Frog.
	Finaldino and Tony find Percy.
	They all meet up. If we have enough time, it would be cool
	to have the two story lines played interleaved.


-After you find all of your friends, Frog starts freaking out and trying to get you to follow him.
You all chase after him and go into a cave. At the end of the cave you find a giant lake inside the cave and Frog's people come
out with the egg. The leader first talks to you in the language Frog has been speaking. Then the leader turns on his 
translator device and you can understand him. He explains that Frog was sent to you by his people to help you complete your 
mission. That Frog has know all the specifics of the problem with the big evil dude the whole time but no one has been able to 
understand him and his translator broke. Big bummer. The leader explains that the egg is a queen egg ready to be incubated. 






This whole act will be mostly just finding your friends in the apocalyptic landscape.
Along journey one of the main quest items will be to explore ancient ruins for forgotten magic. You do find the forgotten
magic and also an ancient fertilized queen egg ready to be incubated and hatched. Perhaps it's given to you by Frog's people.
You come to a giant pond in the ruins and Frog's people come out with the egg. The leader first talks to you in the language
Frog has been speaking. Then the leader turns on his translator device and you can understand him. He explains that Frog
was sent to you by his people to help you complete your mission. That Frog has know all the specifics of the problem 
with the big evil dude the whole time but no one has been able to understand him and his translator broke. Big bummer.
The leader explains that the egg is a queen egg ready to be incubated. 


final boss is the demon guy/previous queen henchman
