Act IV

final boss is the queen
You eventually gain audience with the queen.

FRIEND: Your majesty, we come to you with heavy hearts.
FRIEND: For we have seen fellow cars reduced to shells of their former selves.
FRIEND: Cars who have had their consciousnesses ripped out so their empty carcasses could 
	be sold on other planets to collectors.

// Music fades to silence. All is silent.

Queen: ...

FRIEND: Your majesty?

// audible footsteps, If I decide to make BIGBAD a humanoid

BIGBAD: She can't hear you, you know?
BIGBAD: Unfortunately, your dear queen has also been reduced to... what were your words? An "empyt carcass"?

FRIEND: NOOOO!!!
All: // Shouts out of despair

BIGBAD: And how fitting will it be for her to be the one to take you lot out of your misery?

// hand extends from cloak *snaps* 
// queen attacks

// you defeat the queen.
Queen: YIEAHHHOOHSHSH!!!!!
// Queen starts bashing around and the whole room starts shaking.

Percy: We've gotta get out of here! This whole cave system is about to collapse!

// You race off to the exit.
// As you make it out of the cave, all party members kind of spread out a bit to catch their breath and ninja
// cars swoop in as dark blurs and carjack each one of the players. When PLAYER_CAR gets swooped, the screen goes black.
---Close of Act IV---

Act V
Next thing the player sees is a scene of PLAYER_NAME sitting in a jail cell.
FRIEND breaks in and frees PLAYER_NAME.
...

This whole act will be mostly just finding your friends in the apocalyptic landscape.
Along journey one of the main quest items will be to explore ancient ruins for forgotten magic. You do find the forgotten
magic and also an ancient fertilized queen egg ready to be incubated and hatched.

final boss is the demon guy/previous queen henchman



*The big reveal that there are actually humans in the cars in Underton.*
One of the mainline quests will result in FRIEND and PLAYER_NAME getting drunk with a group of Underton citizens. One of the citizens is so drunk that he can't drive. His friends call him a Tow-ber for a tow.
The friend insists on proving that he's not drunk by driving around really fast. He hits a tree stump and the human inside of the car comes flying out of the car and SPLATs on a wall. The other humans get out
of their cars to run up to the deceased's remains. They turn to PLAYER_NAME and FRIEND and ask what they're still doing in their car. Someone has died ( or, We have to try to save him! Ok this is a piece of his head right here. Is that an elbow?)! FRIEND turns to PLAYER_NAME. "What are those things? 
And how did they just get out of those cars? Oh my god, I think the cars they were in are dead. Hello? Hellllooo?! We need to get out of here, PLAYER_NAME!!" This will be a turning point in the story. From this
point on, all of the cars in Underton will be hostile. Maybe the shops are still functional though? They still like money? lol
Humans from the future came to a planet populated by old retro cars.


Percy should have a dumb henchman. 
Henchman: Hey, Boss! How come none of these peoples gots a garage on they's house?
Percy: Because 
Henchman: Hey, Boss! How come there's so much traffic?
Percy: Because everyone has to drive themself.


I want to add an optional party member which is the blue mage. You should be able to access this party member from very early in the game. Potentialy your third party member. So that you have plenty of time to acquire all of the spells Potentialy your third party member. So that you have plenty of time to acquire all of the spells.
