Wedge: Mechanic
		Stands up for his principles but is much more on the Lawful Good side of the Good spectrum compared 
	to Wheely. Wedge is a dreamer. He has a hard time in school because he questions topics that aren't meant 
	to be questioned and he would much rather spend the day under a tree in a quiet field than in a dusty old 
	classroom.
		He has a little brother who looks up to him. As a result, Wedge feels pressure from his Dad to grow up to 
	be a better role model for his little brother. There is slight tension with his father over this issue. 
	However, they generally have a very good relationship.
	

Wheely: Thief
		Wheely is the youngest in a large family. Was always a mischeif maker. He would get in trouble at school
	for swiping the janitor's keys and getting onto the roof or sneaking into the school late at night to do donuts
	in the center plaza area.
		Fights for what he believes is right until the very end. Sometimes ends up doing questionable things to achieve
	his righteous goals.


Governor Gearson: Gunner
		A sure philanderer. Is jaded. Has seen the worst of how the government operates.
	Is well aware of how the people in Underton live. He is someone who frequents Underton because though he won't 
	admit it, it makes him feel alive. Underton is a culturally vibrant city with a lot of character.
		Gearson will grow toward the end of the game to understand the importance of giving a shit. This will
	likely culminate with the death of the Queen. Where we'd expect him to shut down and give in to the feelings
	of nihilism. However, he stands up to it and swears to end this once and for all.


Percy: Dragoon
		Percy is a mercenary/hired gun. When we first meet him, he is deeply and unashamedly into the mercenary gig.
	He successfully steals Wedge's brother and makes way to his hideout. He contacts BIG_BAD to let him know of his success.
	etcetcetc....   At the end of this journey and by the time we meet him. He has made an arch. He is fully on
	board with saving the world. He represents what Gearson should be striving to be. A redeemed nihilist full 
	of hope for the future.

Tinaldo: Necromancer
		Finaldino is the child-son of the kidnapped friend of Governor Gearson. Finaldino is a uniquely gifted 
	Necromancer, a gift he learned from his dad, the Necromancer, Finaldo Axel IV. Finaldino is anxious to prove
	himself. Doesn't want to be treated differently for being so young.

Tony: Monk
		Tony is a simple Tow-Truck. Your Lenny character. Not much depth to this one.

Frogg:
		Doesn't speak English. Not entirely clear if he speaks at all Is an amphibious vehicle that came out of the water.
	Probably came from the bottom of the ocean somewhere. Has he socialized with anything before?

		Perhaps Frog is the blue mage in purple robes that I made for Cantation. He speaks in a foreign language.
	When you find the Queen egg from his people, the leader speaks this language at first too until his assistant
	sets up the translator. The guy then tells him a bit more about Frog's people. Before this, Frog's origin
	and why he's even with you is a total mystery.
