Act I

Black screen. A voice calls out to wake up. Wedge fades in at the center of the black screen. The voice again calls for Wedge to wake up. And then tells him that his journey is about to begin.

The background scene fades in around Wedge to reveal that he's asleep in a field under a tree.

His teacher, Mr Gearwright walks up to him and castigates him for missing class. He threatens Wedge that he'll fail class if he misses any  more days. He then assigns Wedge extra credit. And tells him to bring his friend Tristan along who seems to have too much free time. Wedge and Tristan must visit a number of "historical landmarks" where he meets a different teacher at each place. Each teacher will give him a brief explanation about an aspect of their species' fighting styles. Fighting arts is important to their species' culture but now that they have been at peace within all of the tribes (consolidated under one Queen) it is only used for sparring. They explain how such attacks as theirs would normally kill other sentient beings but due to how they are built they can survive several blows depending on a number of features such as the hardness of their shell, amount of Waking Life Points, etc. The player can check their own stats in their menu (maybe something on Wedge's wrist so it isn't all tutorially breaking 4th wall.) At the end of each lesson, Wedge and Tristan spar with the teacher.

At the end of this, Wedge and Tristan see Gearwright again and he tells them to go off to the showers to clean themselves up and then meet him in the classroom.

On their way, they witness Wedge's brother being kindapped by two Swarm members, Chester and Percy. Chester and Percy wear black suits and sunglasses. Percy is quiet during the encounter, Chester is loud, angry, and violent but, perhaps a bit inept.

Wedge and Tristan go after them to save Wedge's brother. There is a 'fork-lobby' kind of area. It's a circlular room with three forks coming off each side and a big government blockade in a road in the center-top, immediately across from the road you entered from. Wedge and Tristan agree to search each road before trying to advance past the government blockade.

At the end of each path, there is a mini boss battle that utilizes a different fighting style. However, there is no real "tutorial" aspect of this. The most that will happen is that Tristan might say something in battle like, "This guy looks weak to fire, try to cast Blaze on him!". Once all of these paths have been cleared, they try to get past the government blockade and they say that there is no way. They need special permission.

Wedge and Tristan run back home to tell Wedge's Dad that his little brother has been kidnapped. Wedge's Dad and Mr Gearwright are waiting for them to castigate them. They do not listen to Wedge and Tristan because they're too upset that they skipped class again after already getting in trouble for it. But they try to tell them about how Wedge's little brother was kidnapped. Wedge's father reminds them that members of the Swarm are not capable of intentionally inflicting harm on each other outside of sparring. Fighting out of anger or malice shouldn't be possible. However, playful sparring is an art, not a form of aggression, therefore it is possible. Wedge's Dad insists that Wedge's brother is completely fine and has probably gotten lost but is in no immediate danger since no Swarm member can harm another, and there's no way Wedge's brother could've made it out into the wilderness where Critters roam. He stays completely calm and tells Wedge that the Queen would be able to locate him. He sends Wedge and Tristan to ask the Queen. But he makes them swear not to mention that they think he has been "kidnapped" because he doesn't want her to think they're crazy.

Wedge and Tristan go to the Royal Palace to find out where Wedge's brother is. On their way in, they overhear Palace Guards discussing how the Queen has been acting up lately. The other guard chalks it up to the Queen being stressed about having to deal with the strange increase in Critter activity. They also overhear other guards talking about how they don't trust the Queen's new advisor Sudaja, a human female with an unknown past.

In the Throneroom, Wedge and Tristan approach the Queen. The Queen is enormous and sits on a throne in the back of the room that extends to the ceiling in order to fit her stature. Wedge tells her that they are looking for Wedge's brother. She says that she will look for him.... And.... She can't find anything. Nowhere on the planet does he exist. "The Hive Core is never wrong" (The Hive Core is basically the central router that the Queen taps into to gain information about citizens and also send out directives.) If she can't find him, it means that he's dead. At this point, there's a bit of silence and then Tristan blurts out that he was murdered. The Queen gets very stern and warns him not to question whether or not a member of the Swarm can harm another. Sudaja politely interrupts and suggests that maybe it would be prudent for her to investigate the Hive Core for the Queen. She mentions that it is the last thing they haven't checked during the investigation of the rise in Critter attacks. She obliges and sends Sudaja off with 4 Palace Guards to check the Hive Core. She sends Wedge and Tristan off on their way. 

Outside the Palace Walls, Wedge and Tristan stand there in disbelief. Tristan then has an epiphany and suggests that if the Hive Core might be malfunctioning and allowing Swarm members to hurt each other, maybe it was also mistaken that Wedge's brother is dead.

They both light up over this but then realize that if the Hive Core is letting Swarm members harm each other, Wedge's brother is in very real danger. They need to get past that government blockade but can't go back to the Queen to get permission. So they go to Governor Gearson's office to ask for help.

From outside, they hear shouts and screams coming from Gearson's office. Wedge says they should turn back since the door is locked. Tristan insists that they should try to enter because Gearson could be in trouble. They get up to Gearson's office and they are greeted by Governor Gearson on the desk with another Swarm member who jumps out the window. Gearson loses his temper and starts attacking them. Wedge and Tristan fight back and eventually fend him off/subdue him. All three are surprised by what happened. Gearson wasn't supposed to be able to hurt them out of anger. Wedge and Tristan explain that this is why they have come. They've come to ask for help to get past the Government blockade to look for Wedge's brother. Gearson agrees that his brother must be in danger and agrees to get them past the blockade.

At the blockade, the Palace Guards ask Gearson if he knows any of the details of a recent accident that occurred at the Hive Core. Gearson has not. The Palace Guards tell him that there was an explosion with 4 casualities. Gearson is concerned but continues with requesting passage past the government blockade. The Palace Guards ask Gearson if he's sure that he wants to bring kids into a place like this. One guard says, "It's a little dangerous for children right now." Another guard pipes in, "And maybe a little too much fun." Gearson assures them that Wedge and Tristan can handle themselves and they pass the blockade. The screen fades to black as they pass the blockade and enter a cave on the other side.

While still displaying the black screen, Gearson says, "And here we are!" A 'door-open' sound plays and the scene fades in to reveal Underton.

Underton is dingy, dirty, but also vibrant. Multiple people call out insults to Governor Gearson. Gearson asks them if they know where they need to look/what the guy looks like. They discribe the two people that took Wedge's brother and Gearson recognizes the two characters as Chester and Percy. He notes that these are bad dudes. They showed up a few months ago and have been associated with a number of different accidents around. Normally guys like them would be taken off the streets but these guys have been allowed to stay for some reason. He mentions that the place they should check first is a bar that they frequent. 

They go to the bar and ask for Chester and Percy. A guy stands up and gets in their face about it. Wedge, Tristan, and Gearson defeat this guy but he doesn't actually know where they are. He just likes fighting. But if he tells the team that if they check in with Matthew at a local weapons shop called Matthew and Sons, he'd probably be able to tell them.

The team goes to Matthew and Sons to speak with Matthew. They are greeted by a fellow named Sons. Sons is Matthew's business partner. He says that Matthew is out on business but they are welcome to wait for him there. However, if they want to kill time, they can run some errands for him. Sons explains that over the past week, Swarm members in Underton have discovered that they are now able to harm each other (much faster than in Overton due to the lawlessness down there). The team helps Sons by taking care of some thugs and retrieve some goods. By the time they get back, Matthew has returned.

They ask Matthew about Chester and Percy and Matthew says that they're into some deep shit. He says he'll tell them where to find them after going on one more errand for him and Sons. This errand is more of a test to see if they'll be able to face Percy and Chester.

Matthew send them on another goods retrieval quest but this time in the woods where there are lots of Critters. The Critters attacked Matthew along a former merchant path that had been recently closed due to Critter attacks. He dropped a bunch of goods as a result of the attack.

Along the way through the woods to find the goods, the team comes upon a lake. Out of the lake comes a blue shorter humanoid creature that doesn't speak their language. He mumbles nonsense to the party and it eventually becomes evident that he wants to join the party. The team names him Frogg.

The four party members acquire the goods then return to Matthew. Matthew reveals that within the retrieved cargo was a weapon that will allow a party member to play as the Black Mage class. This should help them in their battles against Chester and Percy since their goons are vulnerable to Shock damage. Matthew tells the team that he heard whisperings that Chester and Percy's hideout is on the top floor of a fancy hotel in Underton. 

The team then proceeds to the hotel to confront Chester and Percy. They fight waves all the way up the hotel and then find Chester and Percy at the top. Chester tells Percy that he'll hold off the team and that Percy should take Wedge's brother to the warehouse and call their boss to notify him that they need a clean up crew at the Hotel. Percy leaves. Chester fights the team for a bit until some goons show up and Chester escapes. (Maybe Chester doesn't really do much damage but just flails around. Maybe he has pretty heavy armor. The goons show up when he gets down to a certain HP).

After the goons are defeated, the team searches the place for clues and finds a note that hints at the warehouse being located in East-Westerton.

Gearson exclaims that he has a friend in West-Westerton named Chiaro. He might be able to help them locate the warehouse. 

The team goes to Chiaro's place which is in an Inn on the farside of town. The Innkeeper mentions that some people visited Chiaro earlier. He describes them and they look exactly like the goons the team fought at Chester and Percy's hideout. The team races upstairs only to find a crying child in Chiaro's room. The child screams at the party asking where his dad is. The child out of fear and anger attacks with powerful necromancy. The party subdues the child and Gearson explains that the Chiaro is a friend of his and that they are trying to find him. The team asks the child if the goons mentioned anything about where they were taking his dad. The child responds that they mentioned something about a warehouse by the river. This last clue about the warehouse being by the river helps Gearson to narrow the search down to 1 potential warehouse.

The team is about to set off but the child, Lazar, insists that he should join them. Initially Tristan is hesitant, but Gearson ensures them that he's strong enough to join them.

The team gets to the warehouse and there is no sign of Percy and Chester. However, the team finds the bodies of Swarm members on conveyor belts. The belts are putting the bodies into bags and loading them into crates.

They're obviously horrified by this but don't get that much time to react before Chester and Percy enter with Wedge's brother and Chiaro. The team quickly hides behind some crates. Chester and Percy stand there waiting for something. Suddenly a portal opens up and a faceless figure in dark robes exits the portal. (This may be more effective if it is just a flash of light from behind a set of crates and the sound of footsteps approaching with no music playing.)

The figure walks up to them, looks at the Wedge's brother more closely and shouts at them about this being the wrong person. Chester is a bit flabbergasted, but Percy responds, "I know". Chester and the Dark Figure are livid. Percy had done the intel work to find the person that the Dark Figure wanted and he had intentionally selected the wrong person because the right person was too important and was the last hope for the Swarm to survive.

The Dark Figure turns to Chiaro and verifies that he's a necromancer and takes him away. He turns around before entering the portal and tells Chester to kill Percy for his disobedience and put Wedge's brother on the desleever.

Chester and Percy are about to face off and the team comes out of hiding to back up Percy. At this point, the player will have to choose 3 party members to put into battle alongside Percy who will be the 4th party member.

After defeating Chester, Percy explains as much as he understands of the story. He says that the Dark Figure is harvesting Swarm Members' bodies and sending them off to have human consciousnesses put into them. The Swarm members are stronger, healthier, faster, and live longer than humans. He also reveals that the Dark Figure was up to something much bigger and more secret that he isn't supposed to know about. But that Wedge's brother was taken because the Dark Figure was searching for a Swarm member who is the prophecied chosen one who is the only one who can save the Swarm from this calamity that he's planning. Percy only knows that it has to do with the Queen.

The team suggests going to the palace to inform the Queen of the danger and the desleeving of Swarm members. Percy says that the Palace is way too heavily guarded right now. Gearson remembers an old escape route that is never used that he used to have the entry codes for as a member of Parliament.  The team ventures to this entrance and Gearson mentions that it's strange but lucky that there are no guards. He tries his code and it is an old defunct code and they don't gain entrance. Percy asks for clarification about who has the codes and realizes that Sons, as a standing member of Parliament, should also have the codes.

The team travels back to Matthew and Sons to explain the situation to Sons so that he can help them gain access to the Palace to alert the Queen of the danger. Unfortunately, the team discovers Matthew and Sons' shop in shambles. Someone has ransacked the place and the owners are no where to be found. Two mech soldiers fall from the cieling and battle the team.

While conversing after the battle about the ransacking of the place and wondering where Matthew and Sons are, Matthew comes out from the back of the store and tells the team that the Dark Figure and his goons/mech soldiers killed Sons. They were looking for the codes to the door and Sons wouldn't tell them so they killed him and searched the place and found the codes in some documents in his desk. The team, realizing that the Dark Figure is trying to access the Queen the same way they are, run off to try to intercept him.

The team comes to the secret entrance to the palace and sees that it has been left wide open. They run inside and fight a mixture of palace guards and goons.

They make it to the Queen's throneroom and the Queen is fine. Gearson runs up to the Queen and attempts to warn her of the danger. Percy notes that it's strange that there are no guards in the throne room. It doesn't feel right. Gearson finishes telling the Queen about the Swarm members being desleeved and the threat to the Queen. She mutters something barely comprehensible. "The... Well... Find. The. Well...".

Footsteps grow closer and eventually the Dark Figure comes into view. He tells them that she can't hear them anymore. Tells them that she is now a shell of her former self. Delirious and fading. Soon there would be nothing left of her original self at all. The team demands to know what's wrong with her. And that if he doesn't start talking soon, they're going to call the guards in. The Dark Figure brings attention again to the strangeness of the fact that there are no guards in the throne room. "It's almost... by design. As if I asked them to leave the throne room empty." The team asks him why the guards would listen to him. The Dark Figure drops his black robes to the side and reveals himself to be the human advisor to the Queen, Sudaja. Sudaja then proceeds to tell the team that the guards will be livid when they discover the Queen murdered. The team protests saying that Sudaja will never kill the Queen. "Who said that I will kill the Queen?", Sudaja responds. He lifts one hand and snaps and the Queen starts to get agitated. Someone from the team shouts, "You'll pay for this!" Sudaja responds, "Oh will I? No one will question me when I recount the tale of how a rag-tag team of thugs broke in through the secret back entrance of the palace with stolen security codes to assassinate the Queen. I am the Queen's most trusted advisor after all. Now... ATTACK!" The Queen attacks the team.

When the Queen is defeated, she begins to go ballistic. She screams and bashes the walls and the whole Throneroom begins to come down. The whole party and Sudaja escape out of the palace and into the arms of the Palace Guards. Sudaja tells the Guards to arrest the party. The guards grab the team members and the one by one knock them over the head causing them to pass out. The last one to get knocked out is Wedge. Upon him getting knocked out, the screen goes black.


Act II


Maybe Percy reveals that he's human in the second half?
Maybe we can have a bit more story after all the prisoners are released.
Maybe Lazar and Percy are together instead of Lazar and Tony. Still Wedge and Tristan find Frogg and the run into Lazar outside the outpost with Gearson Captive by coincidence.


